Add documentation on using ClientApp (#1363)
globus/globus-sdk-python: docs/user_guide/usage_patterns/client_identities/index.rst

.. _userguide_client_identities:

Using Client Identities
=======================

> Clients registered in Globus can be used as "service accounts",

Reviewer: We should probably be explicit up front about the distinction between the SDK api-calling construct called a client and the globus auth cloud resource called a client so that readers know what we're referring to throughout this page when we use the term "Client".

distinct actors with their own identities.
This is useful for a wide range of automation tasks, in which users want to

> leverage Globus APIs, but without handling login flows and user credentials.

Reviewer: Could we include a warning somewhere on the page emphasizing that client permissions are not inherited from your user identity, i.e., your client doesn't have access to a flow just because you do? And furthermore that certain customer-maintained policies may restrict access to only users?

To make use of Client Identities in this way, the client must be registered as a
"service account", capable of performing a *client credentials grant* to get
its tokens.
Once it is so registered, such a client will have an ID and secret, which can be
passed into interfaces in the SDK.
The client credentials (ID and secret) are used to get tokens to power

> interactions with Globus APIs, and SDK tools will automatically cache and reload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interactions with Globus APIs, and SDK's GlobusApp will automatically cache and reload
```
